Strings: Parse comments from strings file (#813)
SwiftGen/SwiftGen: CHANGELOG.md

  [David Jennes](https://github.com/djbe)
  [#562](https://github.com/SwiftGen/SwiftGen/issues/562)
  [#797](https://github.com/SwiftGen/SwiftGen/pull/797)

> * Strings: The strings file parser will try to parse comments for the strings and add them to the stencil context.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Strings: added support for `.strings` files comments. The built-in templates will now use them for comments instead of the translation of a key.  
```
